<response>

probably negative
probably negative
</response>
<response>
Хуево
probably negative
probably negative
</response>
<response>
Хуево
probably negative
probably negative
</response>
<response>
Отлично
probably negative
probably negative
</response>
<response>
Отлично
probably negative
probably negative
</response>
<response>
хорошо
probably negative
probably negative
</response>
<response>
Good

neutral or uncertain negative
neutral or uncertain negative
</response>
<response>
Badly
probably negative
probably negative
</response>
<response>
Poison
probably negative
probably negative
</response>
<response>
Beautiful Addictivity
probably negative
probably negative
</response>
<response>
Beautiful Addictivity
probably negative
probably negative
</response>
<response>
Beautiful
probably negative
probably negative
</response>
<response>
Beautiful
probably negative
probably negative
</response>
<response>
Beautiful soup
probably negative
probably negative
</response>
<response>
Beautiful soup good
neutral or uncertain negative
neutral or uncertain negative
</response>
<response>
Beautiful soup good best
neutral or uncertain positive
neutral or uncertain positive
</response>
<response>
Beautiful soup good best better
neutral or uncertain negative
neutral or uncertain negative
</response>
<response>
Beautiful soup good best worst
probably negative
probably negative
</response>
<response>
Beautiful soup good best worse
neutral or uncertain negative
neutral or uncertain negative
</response>
<response>
Not bad
 negative
 negative
</response>
<response>
Not good
probably negative
probably negative
</response>
<response>
Not very best
neutral or uncertain positive
neutral or uncertain positive
</response>
<response>
Not bad
 negative
 negative
</response>
<response>
No way
probably negative
probably negative
</response>
<response>
Awesome

probably negative
probably negative
</response>
<response>
Awesome

probably negative
probably negative
</response>
<response>
Awesome
probably negative
probably negative
</response>
<response>
Awe
probably negative
probably negative
</response>
<response>
Like
probably negative
probably negative
</response>
<response>
Like
probably negative
probably negative
</response>
<response>
Like a boss
probably negative
probably negative
</response>
<response>
Best
neutral or uncertain negative
neutral or uncertain negative
</response>
<response>
The Best
neutral or uncertain positive
neutral or uncertain positive
</response>
<response>
The Best
neutral or uncertain positive
neutral or uncertain positive
</response>
<response>
Definetely The Best
neutral or uncertain positive
neutral or uncertain positive
</response>
<response>
Definitely The Best
neutral or uncertain positive
neutral or uncertain positive
</response>
<response>
Definitely The Best
neutral or uncertain positive
neutral or uncertain positive
</response>
<response>
Definitely The Best
neutral or uncertain positive
neutral or uncertain positive
</response>
<response>
fool
probably negative
probably negative
</response>
<response>
fuck off 
probably negative
probably negative
</response>
<response>
fuck off mutherfucker
probably negative
probably negative
</response>
<response>
mutherfucker
probably negative
probably negative
</response>
<response>
good
neutral or uncertain negative
neutral or uncertain negative
</response>
<response>
good nice
neutral or uncertain negative
neutral or uncertain negative
</response>
<response>
grk
probably negative
probably negative
</response>
<response>
grky
probably negative
probably negative
</response>
<response>
very nice
neutral or uncertain negative
neutral or uncertain negative
</response>
<response>
nice
probably negative
probably negative
</response>
<response>
best
neutral or uncertain negative
neutral or uncertain negative
</response>
<response>
the best
neutral or uncertain positive
neutral or uncertain positive
</response>
<response>
the best movie
neutral or uncertain negative
neutral or uncertain negative
</response>
<response>
the best film
neutral or uncertain positive
neutral or uncertain positive
</response>
<response>
the best film I've ever seen
probably positive
probably positive
</response>
<response>
the best film in my life
probably positive
probably positive
</response>
<response>
the best film in my life
probably positive
probably positive
</response>
<response>
the worst film in my life
probably negative
probably negative
</response>
<response>
I don't know
probably negative
probably negative
</response>
<response>
I don't know
probably negative
probably negative
</response>
<response>
I don't know. What it is?
probably negative
probably negative
</response>
<response>
cute film
probably negative
probably negative
</response>
<response>
normal
probably negative
probably negative
</response>
<response>
normal
probably negative
probably negative
</response>
<response>
best
neutral or uncertain negative
neutral or uncertain negative
</response>
<response>
good
neutral or uncertain negative
neutral or uncertain negative
</response>
<response>
good
neutral or uncertain negative
neutral or uncertain negative
</response>
<response>
good one
neutral or uncertain negative
neutral or uncertain negative
</response>
<response>
Probably I should go to this film drunk
probably negative
probably negative
</response>
<response>
Probably I should go to this film drunk or high to realize all layouts of storytelling
 negative
 negative
</response>
<response>
Probably I should go to this film drunk or high to realize all layouts of story-telling
 negative
 negative
</response>
<response>
Probably I should go to this film drunk or at high to realize all layouts of story-telling
 negative
 negative
</response>
<response>
Probably I should go to this film drunk or at high to realize all layouts of story-telling
 negative
 negative
</response>
<response>
fun
neutral or uncertain negative
neutral or uncertain negative
</response>
<response>
bad unfortunately
 negative
 negative
</response>
